---
layout: post
title: "Answers"
categories: Miscellaneous
---

# Answers:

1. how many samples are there in total on Atlas?

`A. On the "Sample Library" page, you can see without filtering there are 68,778 hits on the left`


2. how many locations are represented in Atlas? Which locations have the most samples? Which have the least?
 
`A. On the "Sample Library" page, click the "map" view. In the top left there is a summary showing 34528 locations. South Africa and the UK have the most samples, New Zealand and the West Coast of the USA have the least`


3. Name three ways you could search for rifampicin resistance isolates from the "Sample Library" page (note: you don't actually have to perform the searches)

`A. i: On the Sample Library page, you could search directly for rifampicin resistant isolates using the filter on the left, ii: Search for the specific mutation in the gene (eg. rpoB_S450L), iii: Search for the specific sequence containing the SNP mutation`


4. What is the earliest sample collected in Atlas? 

`A. don't have this info yet [PLACEHOLDER]`


5. How many samples are Ethambutol resistant? How many are sensitive? 

`A. Select Ethambutol resistance in the filter on the Sample Library page. This will show you numbers for resistant (R: 13966) and sensitive (S: 54806)`


6. What is the mechanism of moxifloxacin resistance (i.e. the SNP) in isolate SAMD00029436?

`A. search for the sample in the "Sample Library" and click on its link. Go to the "resistance" tab and then the "evidence" tab. This shows you that the Resistance mutation found for moxifloxacin is D94G in gene gyrA`


7. Which drugs are considered first line drugs? Which are second line drugs? 

`A. Click on any sample to go to their specific metadata/analysis page. Click on the "resistance" tab and then the "drugs" tab. You can see which drugs are first and second line, as well as the resistance profile for that isolate.`


8. How many isolates were obtained from Japan (a) in total, and (b) between 1st January 2013 - 1st of January 2014?

`A. We can first filter by “country isolate” for "JP" (Japan). this gives us 210 samples. [PLACEHOLDER FOR FILTERING BY DATE UPDATE]`


9. How many samples are within a distance of 10 from isolate SAMN06142915? How many at a distance of 5? 

`A. Find the metadata page for this sample by searching for it in the "Sample Library". Go to the "analysis" tab. On the left, you can see 27 isolates from South East Asia and 1 isolate from the UK within "max distance 10" (the default setting, on the right). If you change the default from "10" to "5", you now get 19 samples total, all from South East Asia.`


10. How many MDR samples in the library? Which country has the most?

`A: On the "Sample Library" page, use the filter and select "MDR" isolates. 51,774 are listed as MDR and 17000 as non-MDR. When we choose “True” for the MDR filter, followed by “Map” view, we see India has the most with over 2000 samples.`

